your personal circumstances might look
dire the situation might be Grim but
understand it's not just you you're not
alone you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in today's video
I'm going to show you how on every
single level we are building up this is
forming a perfect storm and of course we
could sit here and we could wait for
that storm to hit or we can get prepared
we can take actions today that mitigate
some of that damage of course what
happens when you're about to see that
hurricane coming through do you simply
just stare at it and look outside no you
start to actually prepare and make the
right decisions okay there's no
difference when you look at the economy
we look at the financial system now the
governments out there are they going to
take the appropriate action to help you
of course not are they going to make
wise decisions of course not we have to
do these things on our own as best we
can all right we have limited resources
and time and energy but we can do a few
things things I want to show you this
you could see that just 4% of the
current retirees say that they are
living the dream according to this
survey and if I was to just stick my
head in the sand and that's it okay well
obviously the problem is the older
generation the older generation they do
not have the funds what do we have to do
we have to improve the cost of medical
care we have to get it to people cheaper
we have to get it to them free that's
the solution or is it
because if I start to go around and look
there's a different story that's being
told just one article after this gen Z
sinks deeper into debt so we have the
people on one end of the spectrum and
the other so is it that we need to
improve Medical Care and make sure that
the older Generations are taking care of
or is it that we have to help the
younger people so that they're not
saddled with debt so that they can
actually make it into retirement
something's wrong here well of course if
you have student loans today you have a
balance in many cases I've seen people
paying $400 a month on average that's an
average you know who knows what each
individual is paying but that of course
is going to be $400 less that they're
going to be able to put towards rent
towards food energy and their home so
you cannot get to a place so what is it
here is it the old people versus the
young people should we make them do a
tug of war and whoever wins gets the
money H what about this think spav can
save you money think again this is like
spending money to save money so like buy
two get one free you know how they're
trying to uh a lot of companies do this
they try to get more sales out of people
buy one get one free buy two
uh whatever it could be in a way to well
I'll spend but I'm going to save they're
saying hey that might not be the best
way to do it a lot of things are trying
to incentivize the customer to buy right
because we're trying to squeeze people
now this can be a good thing for some in
some cases if it's something that I am
going to use anyway if I'm going to use
it in 3 months 6 months 12 months
whatever it might be and it's not going
to expire or something
well that's okay I can buy extra and I
could save that money long term so those
are wise choices you can't just think of
today you have to think of tomorrow in
some cases if we're always focused on
today our live our lives are going to be
much worse okay when people do that when
people make those choices they usually
make bad food choices they don't
exercise they take the elevator instead
of the stairs they aren't doing things
that's going to make their life better
long longer term so we need longer term
planning but we don't have the funds to
buy you know 25 years worth of something
no we have to do what we can at this
time all right so we can shop at the
right places we can uh do the right
things in business as well and uh that's
of course taking it requires effort
there's no question this is the CEO of
Ikea this is not rocket science really
we lower our prices in particular when
we are in times when people have less
money in their pockets the last 6 to 8
months definitely have been slower than
we have ever
seen we this is a March 2024 quote the
last 6 to8 months have definitely been
slower than we have ever seen and this
is coming from the CEO so they don't
want to tell that to the public uh
because of course it's going to hit
their stock and that ultimately is going
to hit it's going to reduce his income
that's how it works right but he's
saying that because it's it's so obvious
it's obvious in the numbers so you know
that there's a problem here when a
company that Ikea has of course the
cheap the cheapest of the cheap stuff
but they also have actually a lot of
very expensive products too high quality
products and you can see that it's
hitting people across the board dollar
stores are feeling it I mean every every
store I've shown you every store
something is going on it's coming at all
ranges of incomes that's what I'm
showing you here I I've shown you the
older generation the younger generation
something is very
wrong right how are the how are the
businesses reacting because a business
is going to react to the
customers and then I'm constantly
hearing about this this is the M2 money
supply think of this as the money that's
out there okay the amount of cash that's
just circling around all right well for
years and years and years and years and
years this was just going up and up and
up and up and up money in circulation
was going up and then in
2020 uh immediately it went berserk and
then it kept climbing rapidly at a pace
that was much faster than anything we've
seen before then we got to 2022 and of
course they started increasing interest
rates things started to change stock
market started to come down a little bit
and um people started pointing out this
is the beginning of the collapse uh
deflation deflation deflation deflation
we kept hearing that from a lot of the
YouTubers um you got to understand
something just like with the stock
market just like with any other
Financial market look at the trend line
and where we were before this chart goes
from like probably 2009 up up until the
present it's on its course and then it
goes way off course we are still way
above that trend line so you know to see
a little bit of a slowdown of
normalization in that is not a concern
that's not a concern okay um we just
pumped in more money than we had ever
seen in in so long 40% of all the money
in circulation was pumped in in a year
and a half I think it was so to see it
come down a little bit that's not
unhealthy that's a good thing so we'll
see where it goes from here and it's
basically been going pretty much
sideways for for a year that's not bad
I'm not freaking out about that okay the
other was will because great for clicks
Gavin Nome is coming for your car and he
wants you to know it the talked about
presidential Contender is carving out an
un underutilize Lane climate Crusader
and basically what they want to do is
this connects in with there's so many
things the vehicles they want to limit
how much you can drive they want to tax
you per mile driven
they want to be able to control where
you
go they are um instituting in in
Manhattan they're putting a toll if you
want to go into the city center one part
of the city center you have to pay I
think it's
$18 who does this affect you got to
understand this I'm coming to this in a
circle here who does all of this impact
the rich people does it impact the rich
people or does it impact the poor people
in the middle class of course it's the
poor in the middle class who are getting
hit by all of this the richest of the
rich people they're good they're all
good they're not going to have a problem
even if you were to tax them 100% of
their income 100% of their income and
you take the top 50 billionaires and you
just erase their entire
portfolios and you take it and you bring
it
in into that the government into the
treasury and you say this is our money
now you take all of bezos's wealth you
take all of musk's we you just take it
you confiscate it it would be like a
drop in the bucket a drop in a bucket
compared to the hole that they have
created this black hole do you see
what's happening here this is Optimus
being trained 24 hours a day during
eight uh three human shifts I don't know
if this is legit or whatever doesn't
matter the point I'm trying to show you
here is humanoid type robots are being
built they are going to do a lot of
different tasks it's going to start with
the most simple of tasks turning a knob
turning a knob turning a knob then soon
it's going to be okay lifting a brick
and then it's going to be the more
complicated ones over and over and over
again and a lot of human labor will no
longer be required uh you know how long
that's going to take I don't know but I
tell you right now there's a lot of
billion doll businesses that are working
on doing it as fast as they possibly can
you see what's happening here the owners
of the company selling the robots the
company's fixing the
robots uh and ultimately companies that
get to take advantage of that work they
are going to do just
fine but the people who have their labor
replaced they're going to have a problem
and when we look at the financial
aspects where does that leave us look at
this German business model was based on
cheap energy from Russia cheap
subcontractors from Eastern Europe and
steadily growing exports to China all of
these are gone now and you could see the
industrial production going down and
down and down as the years go on
Germany's not where it was before and it
cannot grow anymore that's what happen
happens to an economy and the middle
class goes down right in line with this
you have this billionaire predicting the
weekly blank Bank closures as the real
estate sector battles High interest
rates and
inflation who is going to win in that
circumstance oh I know and I know you
know care to take a guess it's the JP
Morgans it's the Goldman Sachs it's the
Bank of America's the biggest banks will
start to take take take all of those
little Banks they're going to take them
under their wing they're going to buy
them for pennies on the dollar and
they're going to be doing just fine but
you have to put the squeeze on you have
to really tighten your grip and that's
what we're seeing right now today it is
extremely important that we understand
at every single level but if you don't
piece all these things together you're
never going to understand it that's what
I do here but it's only those who can
make it to to the end of videos but I
know with this with shorts the way they
are today um you know people people
can't so uh this is interesting Paul
vuler puts us into a terrible recession
and we got 20 years of prosperity
because of the pain we took for 18
months this is Stanley dren Miller um
I've been saying this all
along you've heard me I know you've
heard me if you've been on the channel
for a while I've I say this regularly
look at what happen and not even that
you look at in my book my first book I
quoted um you know the whole scenario in
the History Section we talk about 1920
and in 1920 there was a depression and
it lasted it into 1921 that's it and
then there was maximum growth after they
slashed federal
spending and basically the growth was
fantastic after that they had the
Roaring 20s and so on um but just
understand this yes you have to face
tough times
or you're going to face tougher times
that's the way it works nobody wants to
deal with that everybody says no not now
not now not me make the other guy the
other guy the other guy not me you got
to do things that you can this is just
an example I'm not showing you this in
particular but uh there's jobs that
you've got to do that you could do on
the side that you can use the skills
that you have today this is just showing
different examples the guy was saying
here's some U boring what they callor
boring businesses which uh Cody Sanchez
is known for but you could see it here
looking at like pressure washing car
detailing window washing home cleaning
landscaping and so on okay these are the
things that we can do that don't take a
degree in you know programming and
artificial intelligence and all that
stuff we just have to do what we can to
be able to make up for some of the
losses that we are going to inev
inevitably experience there's no
question about it this is going to
become more difficult okay it's going to
become more difficult and I'm here to
tell you that and it's not a simple
solution of buy my course click here
click there oh yeah it's going to be so
fantastic that's not how it works you
have to put the time and the energy into
this and it could be coming from any
level any level I went into online
business I do e-commerce I sell physical
products that's a whole different thing
you don't have to do that if you're like
hey I can do landscaping that's
something I I've always been able to do
in my own back here did a job maybe I
could start to do a few of those on the
side that's what you got to do it could
become a business or it's just simply a
skill that you have that's there as a
backup you could teach that to other
people if you can you can help them out
they can help you out you could build
your own garden you could grow your own
food these are the things you have to do
today just a few things I got playlists
on my channel if you want to know how to
build your own online business I have my
um Sunday business live Sunday business
live is where we go into all the details
there of how to build an online business
with a small group of people over Zoom
if you want the finance Friday that's a
different scenario all the information
Link at the description at the top of
that description hopefully I will see
you tomorrow take care